
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.270550                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                270549966500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               270549966500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1447254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2371366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              443660591                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8712596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   609.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   882554230                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1446089366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst        157248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      14262144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         16960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        172352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        150720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst           832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        189632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu4.inst          1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu4.data        151936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       157248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        16960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         2432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu4.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        179136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     10100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        10100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst           2457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         222846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data           2693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.data           2355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.data           2963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu4.inst             26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu4.data           2374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              236030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       157823                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             157823                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           581216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data         52715379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            62687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data           637043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             8989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.data           557087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             3075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.data           700913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu4.inst             6150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu4.data           561582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              55834123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       581216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        62687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         8989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst         3075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu4.inst         6150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           662118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       37333850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             37333850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       37333850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          581216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data        52715379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           62687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data          637043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            8989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.data          557087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            3075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.data          700913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu4.inst            6150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu4.data          561582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             93167973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         103891187520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           103891187520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 270549966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         103891187520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           103891187520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 270549966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   13385641                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    6440316                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4339                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6273                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   54861301                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          396                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  177                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value 224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    45743039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 224806927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       541117206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   41611350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     78253400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             76677660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1384348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2366276                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4428267                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    76677660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1384348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152518200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          61560346                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1543044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             682527                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            28303214                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25434383                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     19822034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13381735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6440299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              449628207.578414                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              91488998.421586                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.169074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.830926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8669847                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                25155      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 57755743     73.81%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   19170      0.02%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    37041      0.05%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 176508      0.23%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   2080      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    8076      0.01%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                  322317      0.41%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       6      0.00%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   16016      0.02%     74.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                  23244      0.03%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  2617      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              14448      0.02%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              14467      0.02%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              14417      0.02%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                61      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13269856     16.96%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5763201      7.36%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             111879      0.14%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            677098      0.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  78253400                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.792091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19825957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.657827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle             1500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   419.792091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.819906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         39900803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        39900803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     13260877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13260877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      6316170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6316170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     19577047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19577047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     19577047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19577047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       124764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data       124146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       124146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       248910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        248910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       248910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       248910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     13385641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13385641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      6440316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     19825957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19825957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     19825957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19825957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.019276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.012555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.012555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       231439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           231439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                248227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.473173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           54861301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         17969.636751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   511.473173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.998971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        109725655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       109725655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     54858248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54858248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     54858248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        54858248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     54858248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       54858248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         3053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         3053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54861301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54861301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54861301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     54861301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54861301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     54861301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         2541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   83029129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   36036421                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         4514                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2955                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                  309890557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           32                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 12                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean           65250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   47438.117585                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            6    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         4500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value       140000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   270549575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED       391500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       529542675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  225327261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    365423315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            292448281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             111207883                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    8419887                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7356812                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   292448281                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    111207883                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          677217199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         213069582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            73750287                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           96266972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            60502678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          107170041                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    118834891                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   82816215                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  36018676                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              89526690.814373                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              440015984.185627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.830936                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.169064                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         17361123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  209      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                185950803     50.89%     50.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  232208      0.06%     50.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       71      0.00%     50.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               46351657     12.68%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     116      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  166660      0.05%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     232      0.00%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2354447      0.64%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                    50      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5893092      1.61%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            1071299      0.29%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             161031      0.04%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4336359      1.19%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             70110      0.02%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                56584929     15.48%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               24482780      6.70%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead           26231286      7.18%     96.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite          11535896      3.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 365423315                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          427.581713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          119065550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            72187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1649.404325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39777644500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   427.581713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.835121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        238203287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       238203287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     82976587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       82976587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     36012579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36012579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    118989166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       118989166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    118989166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      118989166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        52542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        23842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        76384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         76384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        76384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        76384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     83029129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83029129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     36036421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36036421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    119065550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    119065550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    119065550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    119065550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        57511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            57511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 68650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          232.092462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          309890557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         858422.595568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39777640500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   232.092462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.453306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.453306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        619781475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       619781475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      309890196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       309890196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      309890196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                    47                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   79722196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                   34265015                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         4828                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                         2534                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                  300685604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                 26                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       465698000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   415607159.903737                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        34000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1111319500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   264495892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   6054074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       529598182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  218854675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    356101840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            287479372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             104336884                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    7961671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      8260049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   287479372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    104336884                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          657411215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         210225324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            69188837                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           90348740                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            64954492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          104985739                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    113775673                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   79525798                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  34249875                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              101387838.847613                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              428210343.152387                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.808557                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.191443                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         18603613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                  209      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                185404359     52.06%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  197650      0.06%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       71      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               43524619     12.22%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     116      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                  152828      0.04%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                     232      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                2214404      0.62%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                    50      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5544690      1.56%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            1009816      0.28%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             147444      0.04%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4064841      1.14%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             64758      0.02%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                54927418     15.42%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               23468103      6.59%     90.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead           24598380      6.91%     96.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite          10781772      3.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 356101840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          433.019968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          113987211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            70639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1613.658333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39778636500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   433.019968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.845742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        228045061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       228045061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     79668548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       79668548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data     34244756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34244756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data    113913304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       113913304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data    113913304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      113913304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        53648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        53648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        20259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        73907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         73907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        73907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        73907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     79722196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     79722196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     34265015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     34265015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data    113987211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    113987211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data    113987211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    113987211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        56224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            56224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 68300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          237.900995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          300685604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         793365.709763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39778632500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   237.900995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.464650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.464650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.628906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        601371587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       601371587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      300685225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       300685225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      300685225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total               57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                    57                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   75378298                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                   32412778                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                         4152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                         2686                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                  283821800                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 48                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    758711937.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   968767636.928297                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           24    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        31500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2422016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   252340880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18209086500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                       529571294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  206628239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    336400311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            271741459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              98417176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    7508719                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      7856198                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   271741459                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     98417176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          621224509                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         198680270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            65267226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           85182765                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            61521837                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           98927687                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    107585352                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75187959                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  32397393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              125176301.196839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              404394992.803161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.763627                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.236373                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         17643435                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                  173      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                175176403     52.07%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  200686      0.06%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       60      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               41005987     12.19%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                      94      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                  148388      0.04%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                     188      0.00%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                2080758      0.62%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                    43      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5209096      1.55%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             945769      0.28%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             143497      0.04%     66.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult           3841042      1.14%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             62711      0.02%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                51966783     15.45%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               22171498      6.59%     90.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead           23221176      6.90%     96.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite          10225895      3.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 336400311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.708639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          107791076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            70556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1527.737910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39779628500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   408.708639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.798259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        215652708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       215652708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     75325240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       75325240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     32392468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      32392468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data    107717708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       107717708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data    107717708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      107717708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        53058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        53058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        20310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        73368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         73368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        73368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        73368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     75378298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75378298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     32412778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32412778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data    107791076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    107791076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data    107791076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    107791076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        58004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            58004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 62887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          231.603994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          283821800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         771254.891304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39779624500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   231.603994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.452352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.452352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        567643968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       567643968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      283821432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       283821432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      283821432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                    54                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                   68983817                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                   29554687                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                         4201                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                         2315                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                  261055820                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                 52                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1330985365.384615                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1804700179.529146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           26    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        29500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   4464688000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   235944347000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  34605619500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                       529606104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                  190132705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                    309910500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses            251168656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              89207561                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    6863389                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      7557357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                   251168656                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     89207561                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads          571506556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         183997879                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            59156117                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           77232059                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            58678725                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           91603333                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     98355221                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                   68813440                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                  29541781                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              157283258.484319                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              372322845.515681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.703018                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.296982                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                         16759381                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                  133      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                162911835     52.57%     52.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  170486      0.06%     52.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       45      0.00%     52.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd               37194122     12.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                      72      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                  132499      0.04%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                     144      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                1889603      0.61%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                    38      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            4732639      1.53%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             860690      0.28%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             127536      0.04%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult           3479214      1.12%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             56175      0.02%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                47773256     15.42%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite               20301434      6.55%     90.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead           21040184      6.79%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite           9240347      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                 309910500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          413.520127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           98538504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            60758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1621.819415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39780629000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.data   413.520127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.data     0.807656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        197137766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       197137766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu4.data     68937926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       68937926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu4.data     29538115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29538115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu4.data     98476041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        98476041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu4.data     98476041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       98476041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu4.data        45891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        45891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu4.data        16572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu4.data        62463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         62463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu4.data        62463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        62463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu4.data     68983817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68983817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu4.data     29554687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     29554687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu4.data     98538504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     98538504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu4.data     98538504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     98538504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        51630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            51630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                 54920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          205.555687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          261055820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         737445.819209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39780625000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.inst   205.555687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.inst     0.401476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.401476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        522111994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       522111994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      261055466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       261055466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      261055466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu4.inst          354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::.cpu4.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::.cpu4.inst          354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total               43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                    43                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 62723.812763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      976424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    236479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.129009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     233.432530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      364.668327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    53853.663217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      184.148798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     2038.319520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst       24.152917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1813.962436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst       10.176505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     2310.814706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.inst       19.008967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.data     1871.464841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.003562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.005564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.821742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.002810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.031102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst       0.000369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data       0.027679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst       0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data       0.035260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.inst       0.000290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.data       0.028556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        48899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8047999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8047999                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       454808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           454808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2548                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2548                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data              65                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data              75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu3.data              53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu4.data              75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  271                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data             7038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            14765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data            12692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data            14743                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu4.data            12424                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 61662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst           596                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            96                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst           341                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst           355                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu4.inst           328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data        18971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data        39344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data        41089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data        49015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.data        42900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            191319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst                 596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data               26009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                  96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data               54109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst                 341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.data               53781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.data               63758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu4.inst                 328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu4.data               55324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   254697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst                596                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data              26009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                 96                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data              54109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst                341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.data              53781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst                355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.data              63758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu4.inst                328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu4.data              55324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  254697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data         117084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           2509                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data           2169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data           2599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu4.data           2197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              126558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          265                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           38                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu4.inst           26                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       105762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data          186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data          364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.data          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          106673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst              2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            222846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data              2693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst                38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.data              2355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.data              2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu4.inst                26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu4.data              2374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 236030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst             2457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           222846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data             2693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst               38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.data             2355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.data             2963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu4.inst               26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu4.data             2374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                236030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       454808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       454808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2548                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2548                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           65                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           53                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu4.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              276                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       124122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        17274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        17342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu4.data        14621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            188220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         3053                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst          368                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu4.inst          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4515                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       124733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        39528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        41275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        49379                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.data        43077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        297992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst            3053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          248855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data           56802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst             379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           56136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst             368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data           66721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.inst             354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.data           57698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               490727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           3053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         248855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data          56802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst            379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data          56136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst            368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data          66721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.inst            354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.data          57698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              490727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.018116                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.943298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.145247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.145952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.149867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.150263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.672394                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.804782                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.734072                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.100264                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.035326                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.073446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.619934                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.847907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004655                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004506                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.357973                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst       0.804782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.895485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.734072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.047410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst       0.100264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data       0.041952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst       0.035326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data       0.044409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst       0.073446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.data       0.041145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.480980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst      0.804782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.895485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.734072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.047410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst      0.100264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data      0.041952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst      0.035326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data      0.044409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst      0.073446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.data      0.041145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.480980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              157823                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    157823                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.replacements                         170943                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        416179                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       180232                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             109472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       157823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            11732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            126677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           126558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        109472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       652214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       652214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 652214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25206592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     25206592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25206592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            247881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  247881    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              247881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1045273                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       519053                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        45763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2712                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2151                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          561                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270549966500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            334418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       454808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           48176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           193126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          193126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       329903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       746047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       216114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       209623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       179846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1584820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       358016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30740992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8300672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8119232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8227840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7192832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               63046016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          170943                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  10100672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           710490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.105444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.394086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 648754     91.31%     91.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  55131      7.76%     99.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1873      0.26%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   2949      0.42%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                   1722      0.24%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                     61      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             710490                       # Request fanout histogram

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
