
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.270548                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                270548351000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               270548351000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 133482                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   218713                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40919104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8726164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6611.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   882552825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1446086595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst        155328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      14267200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         16960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        167936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        145600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst           832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        186752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu4.inst          1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu4.data        147072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15091584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       155328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        16960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu4.inst         1600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        177024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     10084864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        10084864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst           2427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         222925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data           2624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.data           2275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.data           2918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu4.inst             25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu4.data           2298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              235806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       157576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             157576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           574123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data         52734382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            62688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data           620725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             8516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.data           538166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             3075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.data           690272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu4.inst             5914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu4.data           543607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              55781467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       574123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        62688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         8516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst         3075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu4.inst         5914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           654316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       37275644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             37275644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       37275644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          574123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data        52734382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           62688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data          620725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            8516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.data          538166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            3075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.data          690272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu4.inst            5914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu4.data          543607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             93057111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         103890566880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           103890566880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 270548351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         103890566880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           103890566880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 270548351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   13385469                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    6440301                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4335                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6273                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   54859436                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          397                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  177                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value 224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 224806927500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    45741423500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 224806927500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       541113975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   41609945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     78250629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             76675035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1384238                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2366266                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4427944                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    76675035                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1384238                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152513382                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          61558076                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1542850                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             682427                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            28301399                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25433271                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     19821847                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13381563                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6440284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              449628207.664116                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              91485767.335884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.169069                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.830931                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8669499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                25108      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 57753304     73.81%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   19170      0.02%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    37037      0.05%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 176508      0.23%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   2080      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    8076      0.01%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                  322294      0.41%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   16006      0.02%     74.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                  23234      0.03%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  2572      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              14448      0.02%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              14467      0.02%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              14417      0.02%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                61      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13269700     16.96%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5763186      7.37%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             111863      0.14%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            677098      0.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  78250629                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          423.789882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19825770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.712163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle             1500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   423.789882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.827715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         39900257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        39900257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     13260486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13260486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      6316546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6316546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     19577032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19577032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     19577032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19577032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       124983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data       123755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       123755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       248738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        248738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       248738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       248738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     13385469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13385469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      6440301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     19825770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19825770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     19825770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19825770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.009337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.019216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.012546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.012546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       230858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           230858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                248060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.496296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           54859436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         18446.347007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   511.496296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        109721846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       109721846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     54856462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54856462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     54856462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        54856462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     54856462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       54856462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54859436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54859436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54859436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     54859436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     54859436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     54859436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         2462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   83029129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   36036421                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         4514                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2955                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                  309890557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           32                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 12                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean           65250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   47438.117585                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            6    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value         4500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value       140000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   270547959500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED       391500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       529539444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  225327261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    365423315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            292448281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             111207883                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    8419887                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7356812                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   292448281                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    111207883                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          677217199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         213069582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            73750287                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           96266972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            60502678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          107170041                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    118834891                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   82816215                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  36018676                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              89523517.157896                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              440015926.842104                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.830941                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.169059                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         17361123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  209      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                185950803     50.89%     50.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  232208      0.06%     50.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       71      0.00%     50.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               46351657     12.68%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     116      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  166660      0.05%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     232      0.00%     63.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2354447      0.64%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                    50      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5893092      1.61%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            1071299      0.29%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             161031      0.04%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4336359      1.19%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             70110      0.02%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                56584929     15.48%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               24482780      6.70%     89.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead           26231286      7.18%     96.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite          11535896      3.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 365423315                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          428.094612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          119065550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            71326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1669.314836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39776029000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   428.094612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.836122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        238202426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       238202426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     82977437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       82977437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     36012566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36012566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    118990003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       118990003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    118990003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      118990003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        23855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        75547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         75547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        75547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        75547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     83029129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83029129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     36036421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36036421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    119065550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    119065550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    119065550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    119065550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        57221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            57221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 67783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          233.796645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          309890557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         819816.288360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39776025000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   233.796645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.456634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.456634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.615234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        619781492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       619781492                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      309890179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       309890179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    309890179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      309890179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    309890557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    309890557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                    63                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   79722196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                   34265015                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         4828                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                         2534                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                  300685604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                 26                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       465698000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   415607159.903737                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        34000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1111319500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   264494277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   6054074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       529594951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  218854675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    356101840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            287479372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             104336884                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    7961671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      8260049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   287479372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    104336884                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          657411215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         210225324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            69188837                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           90348740                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            64954492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          104985739                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    113775673                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   79525798                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  34249875                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              101384663.378767                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              428210287.621233                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.808562                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.191438                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         18603613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                  209      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                185404359     52.06%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  197650      0.06%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       71      0.00%     52.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               43524619     12.22%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     116      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                  152828      0.04%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                     232      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                2214404      0.62%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                    50      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5544690      1.56%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            1009816      0.28%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             147444      0.04%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4064841      1.14%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             64758      0.02%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                54927418     15.42%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               23468103      6.59%     90.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead           24598380      6.91%     96.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite          10781772      3.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 356101840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.979827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          113987211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            69711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1635.139519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39777021000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   432.979827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.845664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        228044133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       228044133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     79669457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       79669457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data     34244769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34244769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data    113914226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       113914226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data    113914226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      113914226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        52739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        52739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        20246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        72985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         72985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        72985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        72985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     79722196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     79722196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     34265015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     34265015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data    113987211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    113987211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data    113987211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    113987211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        56433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            56433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 67359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          237.190523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          300685604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         755491.467337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39777017000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   237.190523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.463263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.463263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.626953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        601371606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       601371606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      300685206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       300685206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst    300685206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      300685206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst    300685604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    300685604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                    77                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   75378298                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                   32412778                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                         4152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                         2686                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                  283821800                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 48                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    758711937.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   968767636.928297                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           24    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        31500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2422016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   252339264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18209086500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                       529568063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  206628239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    336400311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            271741459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              98417176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    7508719                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      7856198                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   271741459                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     98417176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          621224509                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         198680270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            65267226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           85182765                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            61521837                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           98927687                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    107585352                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75187959                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  32397393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              125173122.764838                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              404394940.235162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.763632                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.236368                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         17643435                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                  173      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                175176403     52.07%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  200686      0.06%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       60      0.00%     52.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               41005987     12.19%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                      94      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                  148388      0.04%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                     188      0.00%     64.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                2080758      0.62%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                    43      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5209096      1.55%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             945769      0.28%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             143497      0.04%     66.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult           3841042      1.14%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             62711      0.02%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                51966783     15.45%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               22171498      6.59%     90.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead           23221176      6.90%     96.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite          10225895      3.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 336400311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.487121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          107791076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            70570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1527.434831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39778013000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   408.487121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.797826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.797826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        215652722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       215652722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     75325205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       75325205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     32392473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      32392473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data    107717678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       107717678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data    107717678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      107717678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        53093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        53093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        20305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        73398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         73398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        73398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        73398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     75378298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75378298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     32412778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32412778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data    107791076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    107791076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data    107791076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    107791076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        57774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            57774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 62864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          232.051580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          283821800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         735289.637306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39778009000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   232.051580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.453226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.453226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.619141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        567643986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       567643986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      283821414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       283821414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    283821414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      283821414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    283821800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    283821800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total               69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                    69                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                   68983817                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                   29554687                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                         4201                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                         2315                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                  261055820                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                 52                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1330985365.384615                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1804700179.529146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           26    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        29500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   4464688000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   235942731500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  34605619500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                       529602873                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                  190132705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                    309910500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses            251168656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              89207561                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    6863389                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      7557357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                   251168656                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     89207561                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads          571506556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         183997879                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            59156117                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           77232059                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            58678725                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           91603333                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     98355221                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                   68813440                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                  29541781                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              157280075.733896                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              372322797.266104                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.703023                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.296977                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                         16759381                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                  133      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                162911835     52.57%     52.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  170486      0.06%     52.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       45      0.00%     52.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd               37194122     12.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                      72      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                  132499      0.04%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                     144      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                1889603      0.61%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                    38      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            4732639      1.53%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             860690      0.28%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             127536      0.04%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult           3479214      1.12%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             56175      0.02%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                47773256     15.42%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite               20301434      6.55%     90.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead           21040184      6.79%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite           9240347      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                 309910500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          413.182982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           98538504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            62730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1570.835390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39779013500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.data   413.182982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.data     0.806998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.806998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        197139738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       197139738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu4.data     68935942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       68935942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu4.data     29538104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29538104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu4.data     98474046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        98474046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu4.data     98474046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       98474046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu4.data        47875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        47875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu4.data        16583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu4.data        64458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         64458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu4.data        64458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        64458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu4.data     68983817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     68983817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu4.data     29554687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     29554687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu4.data     98538504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     98538504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu4.data     98538504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     98538504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        52991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            52991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                 56887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          206.124535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          261055820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         703654.501348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      39779009500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.inst   206.124535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.inst     0.402587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.402587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        522112011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       522112011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      261055449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       261055449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::.cpu4.inst    261055449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      261055449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu4.inst          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::.cpu4.inst          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::.cpu4.inst          371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu4.inst    261055820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    261055820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total               57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                    57                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 62743.157898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      977074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    236220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.136288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     233.505924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      366.730238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    54020.859856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      189.620938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     2000.618722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst       25.522617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1765.637644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst       10.201639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     2287.577119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.inst       18.433722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu4.data     1824.449480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.003563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.005596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.824293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.002893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.030527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst       0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data       0.026941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst       0.000156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data       0.034906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.inst       0.000281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu4.data       0.027839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        49423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8052812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8052812                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       455277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           455277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         2488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data              61                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data              74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu3.data              53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu4.data              72                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data             6646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            14804                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data            12750                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data            14767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu4.data            12478                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 61445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst           547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst           113                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst           362                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst           373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu4.inst           346                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1741                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data        19126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data        38770                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data        40533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data        49016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu4.data        44444                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            191889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst                 547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data               25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                 113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data               53574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst                 362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.data               53283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst                 373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.data               63783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu4.inst                 346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu4.data               56922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   255075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst                547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data              25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data              53574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst                362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.data              53283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst                373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.data              63783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu4.inst                346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu4.data              56922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  255075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data         117084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           2454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data           2101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data           2557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu4.data           2134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              126330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          265                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           36                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu4.inst           25                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2766                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       105841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          170                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data          361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu4.data          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          106710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst              2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            222925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data              2624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst                36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.data              2275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.data              2918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu4.inst                25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu4.data              2298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 235806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst             2427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           222925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data             2624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst               36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.data             2275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.data             2918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu4.inst               25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu4.data             2298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                235806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       455277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       455277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         2488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           53                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu4.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       123730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        17258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        17324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu4.data        14612                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            187775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2974                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst          398                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu4.inst          371                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4507                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       124967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        38940                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        40707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        49377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu4.data        44608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        298599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst            2974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          248697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data           56198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst             398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data           55558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst             386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data           66701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.inst             371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu4.data           59220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               490881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           2974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         248697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data          56198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst            398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data          55558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst            386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data          66701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.inst            371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu4.data          59220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              490881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.018657                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.946286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.142195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.147599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.146044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.672773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.816073                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.701058                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.090452                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.033679                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst     0.067385                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.613712                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.846952                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007311                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu4.data     0.003676                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.357369                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst       0.816073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.896372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.701058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.046692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst       0.090452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data       0.040948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst       0.033679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data       0.043747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst       0.067385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu4.data       0.038804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.480373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst      0.816073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.896372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.701058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.046692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst      0.090452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data      0.040948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst      0.033679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data      0.043747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.inst      0.067385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu4.data      0.038804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.480373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              157576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    157576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.replacements                         170684                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        415780                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       180050                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             109476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       157576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            11809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            126443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           126330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        109476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       651591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       651591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 651591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     25176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            247728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  247728    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              247728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1045314                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       519959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        44384                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2689                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          562                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 270548351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            334889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       455277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           47676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           192672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          192672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       330382                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       745536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       218877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       213329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       209660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       185803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1584947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       347904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30692800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8227008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8073216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8214016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7406144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               63076224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          170684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  10084864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           710317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.102025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.378029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 649030     91.37%     91.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  55564      7.82%     99.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1777      0.25%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   2491      0.35%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                   1396      0.20%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                     59      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             710317                       # Request fanout histogram

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
